<c:template src="/common/template/DB.xml" xmlns:c="nandhi.app.ui.component">

  <c:variable name="page.title" value="Fresh and quality products at the best price"/>

  <c:parameter name="content">
     <h1>PRIVACY POLICY</h1>

<p>We are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us. </p>

<p>Personal information means information about you that is personally identifiable including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address or other contact information. </p>


<p>Currently, we do not require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to information, which is publicly available on our Site. However, in order to provide you with certain services given under the Site, you must create an account ("Account") and provide us with your email address and password that you will use for your Account ("Requested Details"). </p>


<p>We may request additional Personal Information in the future. </p>

<p>We use Personal Information for the following purposes: to identify and authenticate your access to dewbag Services that you are authorized to access, to provide you with the services provided under the Site, to improve our services to you and to contact you. </p>


<p><b>INFORMATION WE COLLECT</b></p>
<p>Our site's Form requires users to give us contact information (like your name, address, telephone number and email address), and demographic information (like your zip code/pin code). Certain information, such as your name, e-mail addresses, is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. </p>
<p>In addition to this, information about your viewing trends is collected in order to assess the consumer trends. We also may obtain and collect information about you when you log into our site through third party social networking websites. </p>


<p>In the future, if you decide to avail any services we offer, then we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address ("Financial Information"). Financial Information that is collected is used to check your qualifications for registration, to bill you for products and services, and for other purposes. We do not share Financial Information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with the service. </p>


<p><b>COOKIES</b></p>
<p>We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Websites. </p>


<p>"Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Cookies can also help us provide information, which is targeted to your interests. </p>


<p><b>EXTERNAL LINKS ON WEBSITE</b></p>


<p>The Offering may include hyperlinks to other web sites or content or resources.
dewbag Web Services may have no control over any websites or resources, which are
provided by companies or persons other than dewbag Web Services. </p>


<p>You acknowledge and agree that dewbag Web Services is not responsible for the
availability of any such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any advertising, products or other materials on or available from such websites or resources</p>



<p>You acknowledge and agree that dewbag Web Services is not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by you as a result of the availability of those external sites or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from, such websites or resources. </p>


<p><b>OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION</b></p>


<p>We use customer contact information from the form to send you information about dewbag Web Services. Your contact information is also used to contact you when necessary. </p>
<p>We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. Finally, we may use your IP address to help protect our partners and ourselves from fraud. Dewbag Web Services will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available. </p>

<p><b>CONFIDENTIALITY</b></p>


<p>You further acknowledge that the Offering may contain information which is designated confidential by dewbag Web Services and that you shall not disclose such information without dewbag Web Services' prior written consent.
Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, unless if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. </p>


<p>We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your email address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by us will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products. </p>


<p><b>OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION</b></p>


<p>Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting and foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government, law enforcement agencies or third parties. Under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or members may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Websites. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications would always remain private. </p>


<p>As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed. </p>


<p><b>For Payment:</b> We may use and share the User information with reliable and reputed third party payment gateway to whom we are associated in order to ensure swift and comfortable payment mechanism for the User. The third-party payment gateway and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information and your credit/debit card details will be handled by these providers. Once you leave our store's website or are redirected to a third party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website's Terms of Service. </p>


<p><b>External Service Providers: </b> There may be a number of services offered by external service providers that help you use our Websites. If you choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external service providers, and/or grant them permission to collect information about you, then their use of your information is governed by their private policy. </p>


<p><b>Other Corporate Entities: </b> We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our parent and/or subsidiaries that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that we and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs). </p>


<p><b>Law and Order: </b> We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement and other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability. </p>


<p><b>YOUR USE OF OTHER MEMBERS INFORMATION</b></p>


<p>As a user of the Service you will have access to other users' personal information. You agree to use this information solely for sharing and communicating on the site. The Company and its users shall not tolerate spam of any kind. Accounts suspected of causing spam will be deleted immediately and such users shall not be allowed to register again. You are thus not permitted to contact any user of the Service via e-mail, marketing messages or other kinds of spam without receiving their prior consent. Please feel free to report any users you suspect of using the Service as a platform for spamming by contacting customer support. </p>


<p>You understand that all information (such as data files, written text, computer software, or images) which you may have access to as part of, or through your use of, the Offering are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. </p>


<p><b>ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PROFILE</b></p>


<p>Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration. If you change any information we may keep track of your old information. You can change your registration information such as: name, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, and profile. </p>


<p>To remove your profile so that others cannot view it, contact our customer support team. We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove for certain circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored 'back up' systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. </p>


<p><b>OTHER INFORMATION COLLECTORS</b></p>


<p>Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Websites or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. </p>


<p>Since we do not control the privacy policies of the third parties, you are subject to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. </p>


<p><b>SECURITY</b></p>



<p>We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion. </p>


<p><b><![CDATA[NOTIFICATION OF MODIFICATIONS AND CHANGES TO THE T & C AND PRIVACY POLICY]]></b></p>


<p>We reserve the right to change the Terms and Privacy Policy from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. We will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on the Website. </p>


<p>You are therefore advised to re-read the Terms of Service on a regular basis. Should it be that you do not accept any of the modifications or amendments to the Terms, you may terminate your use of this website immediately.</p>



  </c:parameter>
</c:template>